Add note on Custom dnsmasq config files for Docker installations (#1173)
pi-hole/docs: docs/docker/upgrading/v5-v6.md

FTLCONF_dns_revServers: 'true,192.168.0.0/24,192.168.0.1#53,lan'
```

### Custom dnsmasq config files

> Pi-hole v6 does not use `/etc/dnsmasq.d/` for it's config files anymore. If custom config files should used by Pi-hole you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Pi-hole v6 no longer reads configuration files from `/etc/dnsmasq.d/`. If you want Pi-hole to read files from this location you should:
```
